Clarify doc about encoded characters rejection (#12391)
containous/traefik: docs/content/migration/v2.md

| `%3f` or `%3F`    | `?` (question mark)     | `entryPoints.<name>.`<br/>`.http.encodedCharacters`<br/>`.allowEncodedQuestionMark`  |
| `%23`             | `#` (hash)              | `entryPoints.<name>.`<br/>`.http.encodedCharacters`<br/>`.allowEncodedHash`          |

Note: This check is not done against query parameters,

> and only the request path as defined in [RFC3986 section-3](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986#section-3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This check is not done against query parameters,
but only against the request path as defined in [RFC3986 section-3](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986#section-3).
```
